docs: v5 - application frames (#398)
aica-technology/api: docs/core/examples/guides/application-frames.md

:::

There are two ways to access the settings and functionality relative to frames in AICA Studio, depending on where the 3D
scene lies:

- With the 3D scene on the main view of the AICA Studio editor, the options to create and record frames can be found

>   under the **Scene** tab, in the **Settings** section.

Reviewer: Yes

:::

> There are two ways to access the settings and functionality relative to frames in AICA Studio, depending on where the 3D

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to access settings and functionality for application frames in AICA Studio, depending on where the 3D
```

## Create frame in 3D scene view

> With the 3D scene on the main view of the AICA Studio editor, the "Create a frame" option in the Settings section of the

Author: I agree, but this is the actual frames guide. If it was a different one, we could mention it like that, more generic, but this is the place to be describe more in detail I think.

> Scene tab on the right panel, can be used to create a new named frame which can then be dragged to the desired location

Reviewer 2: agree, but at its current position, it decouples it from the actual explanation ("can be used to create a new named frame") and makes it more of a list. I am only suggesting we move it further down the sentence. Otherwise, we may have to consider a bulleted list or completely breaking the text into 2-3 sentences

in the scene. The position, orientation and reference frame of the frame appear under `frames` in the application YAML
and are updated on drag.

<div class="text--center">
  <img src={createFrame} alt="Create a frame" />
</div>

:::note

1. Frames are created at the origin of the scene and have reference frame `world` by default.

2. Frames can also be created with the 3D view in the right panel. The option can be found under the `Settings` menu on

>    the top left of the scene.

Reviewer 2: no strong opinion here, just making the recommendation. Let's see what the others prefer. I didn't find the current version difficult to read, to be fair
